docs(middlewares): Add hint for global middlewares and DI (#1820)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/middlewares.md

app.use(logger);
await app.listen(3000);
```

> > info **Hint** Accessing the DI container in a global middleware is not possible. You need to use a functional middleware instead when using `app.use()`. Alternatively, you can use a class middleware and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** Accessing the DI container in a global middleware is not possible. You can use a functional middleware instead of using `app.use()`. Alternatively, you can use a class middleware and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')`.
```

Could we also link to the `functional middleware` section above?

Author: Yes, good idea linking it.

Author: I feel like the suggested change does not reflect what's right.

It's really that you _need to_ use a functional middleware with `app.use()`. It's not possible to use a class middleware there. Or how would this work?

Reviewer: Ah, I see I initially misread what was being conveyed. Your change is fine, and the intent behind it is as intended. Ignore my suggestion :smile_cat:

> > info **Hint** Accessing the DI container in a global middleware is not possible. You can use a [functional middleware](#functional-middleware) instead when using `app.use()`. Alternatively, you can use a class middleware and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** Accessing the DI container in a global middleware is not possible. You can use a [functional middleware](middleware#functional-middleware) instead when using `app.use()`. Alternatively, you can use a class middleware and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')`.
```

> > info **Hint** Accessing the DI container in a global middleware is not possible. You can use a [functional middleware](middleware#functional-middleware) instead when using `app.use()`. Alternatively, you can use a class middleware and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** Accessing the DI container in a global middleware is not possible. You can use a [functional middleware](middleware#functional-middleware) instead when using `app.use()`. Alternatively, you can use a class middleware and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')` within any imported Nest module.
```
Might be a valuable addition(? not sure)

Author: Mhh I would cross out the `imported`. So just the `within any Nest module`. However, maybe it makes sense to put it this way:

```
and consume it with `.forRoutes('*')` within the AppModule (or any other module).
```

Reasoning behind this: In this case it's meant as an alternative to a global functional middleware in `app.use()`, so you would, for this use case, put it into the AppModule.

wdyt?

Or just create a full example, e.g.:

```typescript
import { Module, NestModule, MiddlewareConsumer } from '@nestjs/common';
import { LoggerMiddleware } from './common/middleware/logger.middleware';
import { CatsModule } from './cats/cats.module';

@Module({
  imports: [CatsModule],
})
export class AppModule implements NestModule {
  configure(consumer: MiddlewareConsumer) {
    consumer
      .apply(LoggerMiddleware)
      .forRoutes('*');
  }
}
```

Reviewer 2: I like the suggestion with the `AppModule` addition (not the full code example as it's already available if you scroll up either way)

Reviewer 2: Just updated my suggestion

Author: 👍 I accepted the suggestion.
